---
layout: page
title: Bing Jian's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: TASsistant

TASsistant is a desktop address book application used for teaching Software Engineering principles.
The user interacts with it using a CLI, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX.
It is written in Java, and has about 10 kLoC.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Features, which I made and are primarily responsible for**:
    * Added the ability to add and remove people to modules through addToModule and removeFromModule.
    * Added the tutorial model, modelling a tutorial in a module, through addTutorial and deleteTutorial.
    * Added field in GUI that shows the tutorials and modules that a person has.
    * Added field in GUI that shows the modules and tutorials that the user is a TA of.

* **Enhancements to features, which I assisted in but are not primarily responsible for**:
  * Wrote the parser and some code for the commands addToTutorial and removeFromTutorial, which add or remove users from tutorials.

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2324s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=cbj252&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&since=2023-09-22&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=cbj252&tabRepo=AY2324S1-CS2103T-F12-3%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)

* **Project Management**:
    * Added issues to the issue tracker for organisation, such as [#105](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F12-3/tp/issues/105)
and [#86](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F12-3/tp/issues/86)
    * Gave PR reviews, such as [#92](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F12-3/tp/pull/92) and [#83](https://github.com/AY2324S1-CS2103T-F12-3/tp/pull/83)

* **Contributions to team-based tasks**:
    * Set up the GitHub team organisation and repo (excludes codecov)
    * Maintained the issue tracker's milestone, like opening and closing milestones before the deadline and attaching issues
to milestones if appropriate.
    * Did v1.2 release and the demo for v1.2

* **Documentation**:
    * User Guide:
        * My commands, as above: addToModule, removeFromModule, addTutorial and deleteTutorial.
        * Wrote the glossary.
        * Miscellaneous improvements, such as checking all warnings to fit the icon put in the Introduction.
    * Developer Guide:
        * Rewrote the Model component to fit our product, including splitting the UML diagram into two and adding details to it.
        * Added a new section: "Model-Tutorial Interaction", including an activity diagram.
        * Added "Deleting a tutorial" use case.
        * Added "Adding a tutorial" in Appendix:Instructions for manual testing.
        * Added some details to Appendix:Effort & Appendix:Planned Enhancements.